# Course Expectations

---

## Attendance and Engagement Policies

Please make sure you have reviewed all the Kibo Academic Policies that are found in the Catalog.

The general Kibo attendance and engagement policy is as follows:

Students are expected to remain academically engaged in all classes. The requirement for satisfactory academic engagement is to maintain a cumulative grade above 65% in each class.

Students will be deemed academically disengaged in a class if the student’s grade falls below 65%. Academic disengagement carries with it a number of possible penalties, including and up to dismissal from Kibo. In particular, students who are failing all their classes (average 59% or below) may be dismissed from Kibo during or at the end of the current term. 

In addition to meeting the requirements for academic engagement, students are expected to actively participate in learning activities. Learning at Kibo involves a variety of experiences, including: 

- Attending scheduled sessions (e.g., live class or office hours) where there is an opportunity for interaction with the instructor and/or peers
- Submitting academic assignments, quizzes, or projects
- Taking exams or engaging in online tutorials and instruction
- Attending a study group that is assigned by the instructor
- Participating in an online discussion about academic matters
- Initiating contact with an instructor to ask a question about the class

You should inform your instructor if personal emergencies arise that prevent satisfactory academic engagement. If you are ill for more than a week and/or expect to not remain academically engaged due to personal, family, or other emergency, you should also contact your advisor and the Dean.

- For this course specifically, you are expected to engage in the online discussion and reflection questions and activities that are embedded throughout the online lessons. You are also expected to attend the weekly 90-minute live class. If you are unable to attend the live class, you are required to notify the instructor at least 24 hours in advance of the live class that you will be missing and watch the recording of the live class that you have missed.

If you have any questions, please be sure to post them in the #help-eng4dev channel in Discord, and the instructor will be able to answer your questions there.

---

## Academic Integrity

This course is run in accordance with Kibo School's Academic Honesty and Integrity Policy, which can also be found in the Catalog. We have a zero-tolerance policy towards all forms of academic misconduct, including cheating, plagiarism, and fabrication. If you are found to be in breach of the Academic Honesty and Integrity Policy in any of the assignments that you submit, you will be subject to disciplinary action.

When you turn in any work that is graded, you are representing that the work is your own. Copying work from another student or from an online resource and submitting it is _plagiarism_. Using generative AI tools such as ChatGPT to help you understand concepts (i.e., as though it is your own personal tutor) is valuable.  However, you should not submit work generated by these tools as though it is your own work.  Remember, the activities we assign are your opportunity to prove to yourself (and to us) that you understand the concepts. Using these tools to generate answers to assignments may help you in the short-term but not in the long-term.  

As a reminder of Kibo's academic honesty and integrity policy: Any student found to be committing academic misconduct will be subject to disciplinary action, including dismissal. Note that assisting another student in the violation of this policy also constitutes a violation of academic integrity (e.g., letting someone copy your assignment counts as a violation for both the person who copied the work and the original owner of the copied work).

Disciplinary action may include:

- Failing the assignment
- Failing the course
- Dismissal from Kibo

For more information about what counts as plagiarism and tips for working with
integrity, review the ["What is Plagiarism?"
Video](https://youtu.be/2qmWz7Qvh0E) and
[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1CB_lQf3SZE37Fs3ZQC8o2tyiHGBSXxwVsMCg_md6CI0/).

The full [Kibo policy on Academic Honesty and Integrity Policy is available
here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zbax0XgKMoI58lOlTzJBzcZnUGodiqoOhvM4W9DFJ_M/preview#heading=h.syu8x8h230de).

---

## Communication Expectations

The most effective way to communicate with the instructor for this course is through posting a message in the #help-c4s2 channel in Discord. All questions posted there will receive a response within 24 hours.

All course announcements from the instructor will also be posted in the #help-c4s2 channel in Discord.
